Welcome to Headspace, your expert-led guide to mental health, mindfulness, and meditation. Whether you're navigating stress, anxiety, sleep trouble, or life's ups and downs, Headspace is here to support you. Explore science-backed exercises, courses, and programs that help you build everyday skills to care for your mind. For more support, you have access to licensed therapists, mental health coaches or Ebb, your empathetic AI companion. Headspace is always here, so you can always put your mind first.

DAILY MEDITATIONS
Discover mental wellness and mindfulness with over 500+ guided meditations. From quick 3-minute mental resets to longer sessions, we'll help you make meditation a daily practice. Meditate, practice mindfulness and relax. Headspace is proven to increase happiness and reduce stress in just 10 days.

BETTER SLEEP
Headspace helps improve your sleep with expert-led sleep tools, guided sleep meditations, sleep sounds, sleepcasts, and more. Explore sleep music and meditation for sleeping to reduce stress and anxiety.

ANXIETY & STRESS RELIEF
Headspace is the mental health app here to help you manage your stress through personalized recommendations, guided meditations, and exercises. Learn calming breathwork and breathing techniques to help with panic attacks, anxiety relief and calm. Just 2 weeks of Headspace reduces anxiety.

AFFORDABLE THERAPY
From finding the right therapist to easy scheduling, Headspace therapy makes it easier to start feeling better. You’ll also get access to mindfulness tools and Ebb, your empathetic AI companion, for support anytime you need it. Plus, with partnerships with major insurance companies, your sessions could cost as little as $0.

COACHING & MENTAL HEALTH SUPPORT
Get matched and text with your own mental health coach and schedule sessions at your convenience. Headspace mental health coaches are trained professionals that provide personalized care to help you set and reach goals, manage everyday anxiety and stress, navigate major life events, and more.

WELLNESS & BALANCE
Increase balance with guided meditation and focus music. Calm and relax with quick breathing exercises, improve focus with binaural beats and calm your mind with relaxing music for studying.

MINDFUL MOVEMENT
Relieve stress, release tension, and strengthen your mind-body connection with mindful movement. Practice CBT techniques and CBT therapy exercises to reduce stress and anxiety.

PROGRESS TRACKING
Self-care tracker to follow your mental health journey. Share insights with your mindfulness coach or therapist so they can keep you on track towards your goals.

Headspace is the everyday mental health app that’s proven to help. Stress less, sleep better, and feel happier with do-anywhere exercises and personalized recommendations from Ebb, Headspace’s AI mental health companion.

Access online therapy and psychiatry through your organization.* (Check coverage with your coach or benefits team.)

Start your free trial and experience the benefits of meditation, mindfulness and expert mental health therapy & coaching. Subscription options: $12.99/month, $69.99/year. These prices are for United States, pricing in other countries may vary. Coaching and therapy pricing varies by subscription.

The subscription will automatically renew unless turned off in your iTunes Account Settings at least 24 hours before the current period ends. You can go to your iTunes Account settings to manage your subscription and turn off auto-renew. Your iTunes Account will be charged when the purchase is confirmed. If you subscribe before your free trial ends, the rest of your free trial period will be forfeited as soon as your purchase is confirmed.

Headspace saves your meditation sessions to your Apple Health app.
Read the terms and conditions here: https://www.headspace.com/terms-and-conditions
Read the privacy policy here: https://www.headspace.com/privacy-policy