The images on the for you products have to be a real image of the product, not an emoji. 
The suggestions of the for you products should be based on the user’s chosen conditions, symptoms, and allergies. Please incorporate gemini into the app. 
Results page with score and grade should have bullet points for positive and negative aspects. For these negative & positive aspects, add a down arrow which where they clickthere is an option for “ⓘ Learn more” which will lead to, for example, if this negative aspect is the additives and you click on more info, the more info page will be the list of additives. For each additive, give information when the user clicks on it, give a key label of what the additive is, and each additive should be labelled on the list with dangerous, risky, safe, and put this guide on the place that appears after the user clicks on the down arrow in the negative aspect. For each additive, give another learn more option for the info. For each aspect, show the amount of that, e.g., Protein, then 3.5g, Additives, 9, Calories, 350cal, etc. Also below each aspect give a small description e.g. Sodium: too salty, Calories: Too caloric Sodium: Too salty.
To the results page, add a recommendation at the bottom of the results page. Recommendation as in recommendation for other better products IF the score is below an 80%.
To the Results page, add citations with validated, evidence based scientific information. Use resources like Harvard School of Public Health, Oxford and Cambridge’s Schools of Nutrition, John’s Hopkins’s, the FDA, The Nutri-Score front-of-pack label made by Oxford and United Kingdom's Food Standards Agency, Mayo Clinic, Cleveland Clinic, etc. Do not share public health / nutritional information that has not been scientifically validated in peer-reviewed research studies

On the Results page, right now a user can only give a rating out of 5; make that an A-F scoring system and also let a user leave a written comment
Look at the image I’ve uploaded for the Yuka Results page - please ensure my page looks just like this - see how they have vectors and graphics for each category of negative and positive like calories protein fibre etc. Also, for the picture you display don’t just pick up a picture for eg of prebiotic yogurt; if I’ve scanned an image of Chobani yogurt, use Google Images to display a picture of the exact SKU that I’ve uploaded so in this case for Chobani Strawberry Yogurt
Follow verbatim these following instructions and copy EXACTLY the layout of the photo i just showed, with the positives and negatives.
The bottom bar to navigate to other pages should not disappear when I click on the chatbot button.
